This is a fork of the original that has been updated for python3.
There is an additional customisation where the original fetched, this pulls.
It serves a niche purpose that I had to deploy some code on a server on a push to a github repo.

h1. What is it?

This is a small HTTP server written in python. 
It allows you to have a version of your project installed, that will be updated automatically on each Github push.

To set it up, do the following:
* install python
* copy the GitAutoDeploy.conf.json.example to GitAutoDeploy.conf.json. This file will be gitignored and can be environment specific.
* enter the matching for your project(s) in the GitAutoDeploy.conf.json file
* start the server by typing "python GitAutoDeploy.py" 
* to run it as a daemon add ==--daemon-mode==
* On the Github page go to a repository, then "Admin", "Service Hooks", 
"Post-Receive URLs" and add the url of your machine + port (e.g. http://example.com:8001).
* Specify Content type as application/json

You can test hook delivery by clicking redeliver existing hook delieveries.

h1. How this works

When someone pushes changes into Github, it sends a json file to the service hook url. 
It contains information about the repository that was updated.

All it really does is match the repository urls to your local repository paths in the config file, 
move there and run "git pull origin main".  This somewhat assumes you have a main branch somewhere called origin (edit it if not)!

Additionally it runs a deploy bash command that you can add to the config file optionally (e.g. chown).
Make sure that you start the server as the user that is allowed to pull from the github repository.
